review/jm-final (#1)
fivetran/dbt_recharge: README.md

 
| **model** | **description** |
|-----------|-----------------|

> | [recharge__billing_history](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/model.recharge.recharge__billing_history) | Each record represents an order, enriched with metrics about related charges and line items. | 

Author: Small wording update request. Can you clarify that this will aggregate line items as this is at the billing level.

| [recharge__charge_line_item_history](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/model.recharge.recharge__charge_line_item_history) | Each record represents a specific line item charge, refund, or other line item that accumulates into final charges. |
| [recharge__customer_daily_rollup](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/model.recharge.recharge__customer_daily_rollup) | Each record provides totals and running totals for a customer's associated transaction for the specified day. |
| [recharge__customer_details](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/model.recharge.recharge__customer_details) | Each record represents a customer, enriched with metrics about their associated transactions. |
| [recharge__monthly_recurring_revenue](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/model.recharge.recharge__monthly_recurring_revenue) | Each record represents a customer, MRR, and non-MRR generated on a monthly basis. |
| [recharge__subscription_overview](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_recharge/#!/model/7+model.recharge.recharge__subscription_overview) | Each record represents a subscription, enriched with customer and charge information. |

>  

Author: Since we will have an Analysis folder, would you be able to add a section highlighting folks to check out the Analysis folder for more details. 

I think adding it right after the model descriptions would be best, but open to other ideas!

Reviewer: Makes sense to me. Done.

```yml
vars:
  recharge_database: your_destination_name

>   recharge_schema: your_schema_name 

Author: Small style request to reduce the indent on these

```

## Step 4: Disable models for non-existent sources 
Your Recharge connector may not sync every table that this package expects. If you do not have the `PAYMENT_METHOD` and/or `ONE_TIME_PRODUCT` tables synced, add the corresponding variable(s) to your root `dbt_project.yml` file to disable these sources: 
 
```yml 
vars: 
  recharge__payment_method_enabled: false # Disables if you do not have the PAYMENT_METHOD table. Default is True. 

>   recharge__one_time_product_enabled: false # Disables if you do not have the ONE_TIME_PRODUCT table. Default is True. 

Author: I noticed there is no documentation here for the `recharge__charge_tax_line_enabled` variable. Would you be able to add that in here. 

Also don't forget to add this to the source package as well.

``` 

## (Optional) Step 5: Additional configurations
<details><summary>Expand for configurations</summary>

### Setting the date range

> By default, the models `customer_daily_rollup` and `monthly_recurring_revenue` will aggregate data for the entire date range of your data set. You can limit this date range by defining the following variables. You do not need to set both if you only want to limit one.  

Author: Small suggestion to adjust the wording

```suggestion
By default, the models `customer_daily_rollup` and `monthly_recurring_revenue` will aggregate data for the entire date range of your data set. However, you may limit this date range if desired by defining the following variables. You do not need to set both if you only want to limit one.  
```

```

### Changing the Build Schema
By default, this package will build the Recharge transformation models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `recharge`) in your destination. If this is not where you would like your Recharge data written, add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file: 

```yml
models: 
    recharge: 

>       +schema: my_new_schema_name # leave blank for just the target_schema 

Author: Don't forget to also include the source schema details here as well since it is installed by default.

    recharge_<default_source_table_name>_identifier: your_table_name 
```

> #### 🚨 Snowflake Users 🚨 

Author: This can probably be on the same subheader as the others in this section
```suggestion
### 🚨 Snowflake Users 🚨 
```

      version: [">=1.0.0", "<2.0.0"]
```

> # 🙌 How is this package maintained and can I contribute? 

Author: Would you be able to add a sub section in here to point users to the DECISIONLOG for opinionated decisions. 

See how we did this in [Zendesk](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk#opinionated-modelling-decisions)
